Capacity Pallet Documentation Improvements (#1997)
frequency-chain/frequency: pallets/capacity/README.md

# Capacity Pallet

> Manages the staking and balances for Capacity, an alternative payment system on Frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Capacity Pallet manages the staking and balances for Capacity, an alternative payment system on Frequency.
```

## Summary

> Capacity is an alternative payment system for a subset of calls that renews each Epoch.

Reviewer: Two questions here that a new user may not know the answer to:
- what is the alternative if we're not using capacity?
- what is the subset of calls?

Author: I'm trying to avoid too much discussion of what Capacity is. If you have gotten all the way to these docs, I hope you are on docs.frequency.xyz and you can check the glossary...

> Subset of calls

My math degree showing through. Ideas for better ways to say this?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Capacity is a renewable payment resource (renewable each [Epoch](#capacity-epoch)) for certain eligible transactions, that provides an alternative to paying directly with `FRQCY` tokens.
```

Reviewer 3: Another alternative:
```suggestion
Capacity is an alternative to paying with FRQCY for a selection of calls. Generated Capacity for a Provider renews each Epoch.
```

Author: Revised the section

> Tokens staked create Capacity for a targeted Provider.

Reviewer: Do we want to link out to places in the docs where we define stake, capacity, provider, etc?

Author: I think it is enough with the learn more line and the content below.

> Tokens staked creates Capacity for a targeted Provider.

Reviewer 4: should be "create" instead of "creates"

[Learn more about Capacity](https://docs.frequency.xyz/Tokenomics/ProviderIncentives.html#capacity-model).

### Staking & Unstaking

> Currently, the token to Capcity ratio is 50:1.

Reviewer: why is capacity capitalized and token not?

Author: Capacity is a "concept" of ours, so we capitalize it. Token is just generic.

> Currently, the token to Capcity ratio is 50:1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the token to Capacity ratio is 50:1.
```

As to @claireolmstead 's capitalization question, I would say that "Capacity" is a specific name unique to Frequency, whereas "token" is a generic blockchain primitive.

> For example, if for a 5 token stake, a Provider would receive 0.1 Capacity.

Reviewer 4: remove "if" from this sentence.

Staking and unstaking effect available Capacity immediately.

> 

Reviewer 4: Should be "affect" instead of "effect"

### Capacity Epoch

> A Capacity Epoch is the number of blocks before Capacity balances are able to be renewed.

Reviewer 2: Hmmm, "able to be renewed"? Shouldn't it just be "renewed"? Or maybe something like "is the number of blocks that must be formed between Capacity balance renewals"?

Reviewer 3: It should not just be renewed because of the lazy renewal.  But perhaps, "...can be renewed (via the first Capacity transaction in a new Epoch)"

Reviewer 2: Ah... forgot about lazy renewal.

Author: It would be the maximum not the minimum.

Committing a revised version of these two lines...

Author: Revision committed. Feel free to start a new thread if more revisions are suggested.

> The value is managed by Governance, and is currently set to ~24 hours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value is managed by Governance, and is currently set to 7200 blocks (approximately 24 hours at the current average 12-second block time)
```

> The value is managed by Governance, but currently set to ~24 hours.

Reviewer 4: "The value is managed by Governance, and is currently set to ~24 hours.

> A Capacity Epoch is the number of blocks before Capacity balances are able to be renewed.
> The value is managed by Governance, and is currently set to 7200 blocks (approximately 24 hours at the current average 12-second block time).

Author: ```suggestion
A Capacity Epoch is a number of blocks where a Provider's use of Capacity is limited to the amount of generated Capacity of that Provider.
At the end of the Capacity Epoch, all usage is reset for the new Epoch, regardless of how much Capacity any Provider used.
The length of the Capacity is managed by Governance, and is currently set to 7200 blocks.
This is approximately 24 hours at the current average 12-second block time.
```

### Thaw Period

After unstaking, the tokens will still be frozen for a set amount of time before they are unencumbered and able to be transferred.
The `UnstakingThawPeriod` constant defines the number of Epochs that must pass before the tokens may be reclaimed for any use via `withdrawUnstaked()`.
Currently it is set to 30 Epochs or ~30 days after unstaking.

### Actions

> The Capacity pallet provides for:

Reviewer: Just want to make sure that capitalization is consistent throughout.
```suggestion
The Capacity Pallet provides for:
```

- Staking to receive Capacity
- Unstaking & Thaw Period
- Capacity Epoch management

## Interactions

### Extrinsics

| Name/Description                 | Caller        | Payment | Key Events                                                                                                    | Runtime Added |
| -------------------------------- | ------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | `stake`<br />Lock tokens to gain Capacity | Token Account | Tokens | [`Staked`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_capacity/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.Staked) | 1             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `stake`<br />Lock tokens to grant Capacity to a Provider | Token Account | Tokens | [`Staked`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_capacity/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.Staked) | 1             |
```

| `unstake`<br />Begin the process of unlocking tokens by unstaking currently staked tokens | Token Account | Tokens | [`UnStaked`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_capacity/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.UnStaked) | 1             |

> | `withdraw_unstaked`<br />Compete the process of unlocking tokens staked by releasing locks on expired unlock chunks | Token Account | Tokens | [`StakeWithdrawn`](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_capacity/pallet/enum.Event.html#variant.StakeWithdrawn) | 1             |

Reviewer 4: Should be "complete" the process

See [Rust Docs](https://frequency-chain.github.io/frequency/pallet_capacity/pallet/struct.Pallet.html) for more details.

### State Queries

| Name      | Description         | Query                    | Runtime Added |
| --------- | ------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------- |
| Get Capacity Ledger | Returns the Capacity balance details for a Provider's MSA Id  | `capacityLedger` | 1             |
| Get Current Epoch | Returns the current Capacity Epoch number  | `currentEpoch` | 1             |

> | Get Current Epoch Info | Returns information about the current Capacity Epoch such as what block it started | `currentEpochInfo` | 1             |

Reviewer 4: Confusing.  Maybe should read "...such as at which block it started"?

Author: "such as the starting block number"?
